hello everyone welcome to another
episode of all things gaming this video
is being recorded on my playstation vita
that's why I looks a little funny and
it's handheld I just wanted a video to
be up here to show you guys how the
camera looks and compare send other
cameras you can judge by yourself if you
like it better than my other videos
maybe I'll switch to doing on this just
let me guys know what you think another
thing is I've changed my website quite a
bit so you've had an over to all things
gaming net you can tell me whether you
like it or not you'd prefer it the old
way so let me know here or on my website
so other than that let's just jump right
in I just got back from gamestop and
bestbuy where they have some pretty
great sales going on I just got these
six games for twenty dollars at best buy
I mean sorry gamestop because it's buy
two get one free on all used games and I
got final fantasy 13 two brand new still
in the wrapper for fifteen dollars from
Best Buy so how did I do that you asked
fifteen dollars for a game that came out
I think two months ago or three months
ago is pretty amazing and it still costs
forty dollars everywhere else but if you
hadn't over to my website you can
download these awesome coupons like this
one is fifteen dollars off rage that
comes into five dollars for xbox or ps3
doesn't matter so you get rach or five
dollars you can get mass effect two for
five dollars you can get Bulletstorm for
five dollars you can get final fantasy
13-2 for fifteen dollars and you can get
batman arkham city for ten dollars and
those prices are pretty amazing they're
only valid until 4 07 12 so make sure if
you do want that you get in there sooner
rather than later you will need to sign
up for the best buy gamers club you can
it's free though and you can print off
your membership card right on their
website and the head on the store and
pick it up so it's really simple and it
gives you some pretty great benefits the
next month set of coupons come out
a few days so just stay tuned on my
website i'll post those when i get my
hands on them haven't really seen these
anywhere else most of them you have to
buy a five-dollar book but these ones
work if you don't believe me fifteen
dollars off final fantasy 13-2 for 1499
so you don't actually need to spend the
money to get the booklet you can just
use these coupons that you can print off
my website so these gamestop games
they're great I got six for twenty bucks
which is hard to beat and some of these
games are really interested in some of
them i'm just kind of want to play just
to see how they turn out the ones i've
really wanted to play some our co-op
with my girlfriend and such so other
than that gamestop games are great
except for these stickers which around
every single game tour that one off a
little bit but the thing is they come
off really easily if you know how to
take them off so in this video i'm going
to show you guys how to take off the
gamestop stickers without destroying
your case without pulling on the plastic
is going to sit there and scrub on with
your finger but you're just going to end
up tearing or pulling on the plastic and
ruining the cover to your game you're
going to need tape towel and a water
bottle or just water it need to be a
water bottle so just stay with me for a
second as i stabilized camera there we
go so the first thing you want to do is
open your game walks find it to take it
out take out your booklet take out the
inside case because you're going to be
using water you don't want to damage any
of that stuff at all so then the first
thing you want to do is just try to peel
off as best you can the sticker and
you're gonna think it's going great i'm
just going to tear you're going to end
up with that and start doing this one
again
and this one actually came off
surprising and will I'm gonna tear off
the back one first see if it comes off a
little worse because usually then you
just end up with a white mess it didn't
happen this there we go that's what I
was expecting to happen you just peel
off the front part of the label the
sticky part stays behind so you could
just sit there and Peele to that with
your finger we're gonna take forever
you're going to get it all gunked in
your nails or you could do my method for
getting these off you take your towel
and your water open your water and damp
in part of your towel doesn't need to be
soaking wet but just squeeze it in so
the towel itself is moist and then you
just take this you just rub it and it's
all this is going to start coming off
and there you go it's the white sticky
part of the labels on like the paper all
the papers gone but if you look you can
see that glimmer of the left residue
from the packaging so you going to take
a dry part of your towel wipe it down so
it's completely dry you can see right
there you see all the right it's still
sticky right there it's still noticeable
on the case that's where next sorry the
next part comes in you take your tape
you see it right there all that sticky
residue put your tape on make sure it's
nice and flat and pull out you can see
right there how it's you can see all the
residue right there and it's perfectly
clean right there see how my fing slides
and then just gets caught right there so
just keep using your tape keep pulling
off like that and you can see where the
parts are coming off so it just takes a
few pieces of tape depends how well you
stick them on make sure you pull up
really fast otherwise it just kind of
doesn't take it all off and you can see
it all on tape to all the residue right
there so do that it's pretty easy you'll
end up with crystal clear cases by the
time you're done with it and the
gamestop stickers aren't that big of a
deal if you do that so hope you guys
learned a pretty good way to get rid of
the stickers on your gamestop cases and
are aware of the awesome deals at best
buy right now or gamestop if you would
prefer to get some used games or not the
games I listed for Best Buy so it's
pretty great deal i hope you guys enjoy
the video let me know what you guys want
for more content the comments below or
on my website all things gaming net and
have a great night